team=équipe
desc=

nb_member=23

adm=contributeur
memberAdm_N1=Richard REY
memberAdm_D1=Admin, Senior Developer
memberAdm_Psd1=Rexy

memberAdm_N2=Franck BOUIJOUX
memberAdm_D2=Admin, Senior Developer 
memberAdm_Psd2=aaabtux

member_N1=Stephane Weber
member_D1=Senior Developer
member_Psd1=steweb35

member_N2=pascal levant
member_D2=Senior Developer
member_Psd2=angels95

member_N3=Tom HOUDAYER
member_D3=Senior Developer
member_Psd3=tom-h

member_N4=Stéphane ERARD
member_D4=Junior Developer
member_Psd4=ronsedmor

member_N5=Jean Baptiste
member_D5=Junior Developer
member_Psd5=j-b

member_N6=Raphaël PION
member_D6=Junior Developer
member_Psd6=raphael.pion

member_N7=Hamza ESSA
member_D7=Junior Developer
member_Psd7=querdos

member_N8=Jonathan Déchaux
member_D8=Junior Developer
member_Psd8=vanyar

member_N9=Lucas ECHARD
member_D9=Junior Developer
member_Psd9=lucas-ech

member_N10=Yohan Dubanchet
member_D10=Doc Writer
member_Psd10=yohan

member_N11=Clément Lespagnol
member_D11=Doc Writer
member_Psd11=zawawi

member_N12=David dd
member_D12=Support Tech 
member_Psd12=dvau26

member_N13=Pascal ROMERO
member_D13=Support Tech
member_Psd13=romerop

member_N14=Vincent Boucard
member_D14=Support Tech
member_Psd14=vincent.boucard


member_N15=Olivier C
member_D15=Support Tech
member_Psd15=ochancel

member_N16=Laurent roux
member_D16=Support Tech
member_Psd16=lolo100090

member_N17=Hugo Meziani
member_D17=Padawan
member_Psd17=kl0x41dgs

member_N18=Clément Siccardi
member_D18=Padawan
member_Psd18=csiccardi 

member_N19=Sory Ibrahima DANSOKHO
member_D19=Padawan 
member_Psd19=sory


member_N20=Alexandre Dey
member_D20=Padawan
member_Psd20=alexdey

member_N21=Armand Ito
member_D21=Padawan 
member_Psd21=dafox

member_N22=Mohamad Ayache
member_D22=Padawan 
member_Psd22=mhdayache

member_N23=RAKOT Fabien
member_D23=Padawan 
member_Psd23=rakofab
